TIPS FROM STEVEN
1. Opaque div for question to help set it off
2. Cleaner buttons (remember new game button)
3. Animations for when you win or lose (green is good)
4. Think of what other games involve. Excitement when you win, disappointment when you don't.
5. Contrast fonts between question and answers.

6. Attach a question counter.
7. Make the score more obvious.

**For whatever reason, it really doesn't like the rainbow directive whenever it's pulling stuff from a state. We may need to write in a directive, or edit the current rainbow directive, or simply remove it from the elements where there is a problem, namely the end message.

Maybe do a set timeout so it has time to load the message before rainbowifying it?

Also, it doesn't currently work on the lyrics in the question.

If we do the function to change rainbowTrue to true in the main control, it doesn't seem to do anything to the other pages. Could it simply be an issue of scope?


MVP
1. Three views (3 points)
2. Tracks score
3. Mobile responsive (2 points)
4. Animations (2 points)
  a. Drop down menu
  b. correct answer bounces
5. Rules page
-- Transition to bigger size and slide to middle to get cool effect like it's appearing from out of the menu.
6. End text if you get 100% correct has rainbow directive.
7. Reset score on newGame;
8. After game, score slides down to the center of the screen, timer stops, and message says "Your score is .... in .... time, {{message}}."

HTML
1. Have to include copyright info on any page displaying lyrics.
--See checklist, but track.lyrics.get will include lyrics_copyright
2. Rainbow effect if you click the lyrics text
3. Work on shadow on rules container.



API
1. It is required to put the specific id for a song in order to get the lyrics.
2. Tracking code, see track-lyrics-get documentation
Ask user for which country they would like to play in, then get the 50 most popular artists in that country
--Specific options, since the api is limited to a certain number of countries.
--See chart.artist.get or chart.tracks.get

STRETCH GOALS
1. Include images of album cover art (maybe do this for the possible answers)
5. Opaque flag of country on hover in home screen *DONE*
6. Video background on home screen (different video for each load would be cool) *DONE*
-- See code Steven sent.
7. Erase questions from tracks array as they are done so they don't repeat. *DONE*
8. Correct answer bounces when you click.
-- Just write a jQuery function that does this, then invoke it in the correctAnswer function.
9. Timer
-- Can choose different difficulties with different amounts of time.
10. Make menu links change to transparent during hover.


BIG STRETCH
4. Include translated versions of name somehow
-- Maybe just do the whole Japanese version in Japanese as an easter egg
3. You can sort artists by popularity. See https://developer.musixmatch.com/documentation/input-parameters for details. This could be used to change difficulties.
2. Use explicit flags to find songs with most swear words?
--Alternatively, write a jQuery function to do that, since the explicit flag only identifies yes/no, a song does or does not have explicit lyrics.
7. Have 'streak game', where you simply go until you're wrong, try to get the high score

MOBILE RESPONSIVE
1. Because mobile browsers will not automatically play video, the video is replaced with a static background when less than 767px wide.

Turned video off by commenting out the video tag in the HTML and putting a static background image in the css in .video-background.

POINTS
Question/lyric directive (functional, 2 points)
Rainbow directive (functional, 2 points)
3 views (1 point each, 3 points)
Animated menu and rules container (2 points)
Pulled API (Many distinct calls, at least 2 points)
Responsive CSS (2 points)
Hosted (badge)

Speculative total = 13 points (possibly 15 if tracks and lyrics api calls are considered separately)
